c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AvaliacaoDesenv.dll.config
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AvaliacaoDesenv.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AvaliacaoDesenv.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Linq.Dynamic.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\obj\Debug\AvaliacaoDesenv.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\obj\Debug\AvaliacaoDesenv.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\obj\Debug\AvaliacaoDesenv.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AD_BussinessEF.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AD_ContractRepos.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AD_Repositories.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AD_BussinessEF.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AD_ContractRepos.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AvaliacaoDesenv\bin\AD_Repositories.pdb
