c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.dll.config
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_BussinessEF.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_Repositories.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_BussinessEF.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_Repositories.pdb
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\obj\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\obj\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.dll
c:\users\jcvpalma\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AvaliacaoDesenv\AD_ContractRepos\obj\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.pdb
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.dll.config
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.dll
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.pdb
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_BussinessEF.dll
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_Repositories.dll
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_BussinessEF.pdb
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\AD_Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\obj\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\obj\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.dll
C:\Users\jcvpalma\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\avalicao_desenvolvimento_jcvpalma\AD_ContractRepos\obj\Debug\AD_ContractRepos.pdb
